DAN: When Drago inherited the powers of the Sacred Orb
we thought it would be a blessing,
but instead it's a curse. He can't control his energy.
And both of us are being haunted by visions
of a sinister masked man called Mag Mel
and his Bakugan Razenoid.
Everywhere we turn, evil forces like Teams Anubias
and Sellon are infiltrating Bakugan Interspace.
Luckily we can count on Marucho and Shun.
We might just have a chance of regaining control
of Bakugan Interspace and banishing Mag Mel for good!
\u266a What are ya gonna do? \u266a
\u266a The odds are stacked against you, \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall, You gotta give it your all, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a This is the final stand, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a The powers in your hand! \u266a
\u266a Two worlds collide, On the inside, \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right, \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone... \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
[multiple animal growls]
[laser blasts]
PAIGE: I've gotta go!
RAFE: [gasp]
PAIGE: Let's roll, Boulderon!
RAFE: Paige!
MARUCHO: Hey, slow down!
MARUCHO: We'll go with you Paige!
PAIGE: Are you sure?
MARUCHO: Of course! You're a Battle Brawler!
That means you're part of a team and we fight together!
RAFE: Marucho's right.
PAIGE: Cool!
DAN: Hold up, guys!
DAN: I'm the original Battle Brawler.
You're not cutting me out, of this fight!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Gundalia Under Fire
DAN: Hold on. We're on our way.
DAN: [grunt]
SHUN, MARUCHO, PAIGE and RAFE: [grunt]
TRISTAR: Oh man, is this place a sight for sore eyes.
MARUCHO: [gasp]
TRISTAR: It is goooood to be back home.
Whoa! Hey watch it pal!
GUNDALIAN SOLDIER A: State your business!
TRISTAR: Easy with the big pointy stick!
GUNDALIAN SOLDIER B: Are you the ones
who have brought the Chaos Bakugan?
MARUCHO: No, we're from Earth.
We're the Battle Brawlers and we came to help.
PAIGE: And I'm from Gundalia, so what's with you
pointing those things at me?
RAFE: Or me, a Castle Knight!
PAIGE, RAFE and MARUCHO: [gasp]
REN: Stand down!
REN: These are our friends.
MARUCHO: Ya, that's right.
MARUCHO: Hey Ren!
REN: Dan, Marucho, Shun It's great to see you guys again.
REN: Your timing is bang on perfect.
We're about to embark on a full-out assault
on the invading Chaos Bakugan forces.
DAN: And you're in charge of the Gundalian forces now, huh?
Impressive dude.
MARUCHO: Lucky for us the inter-dimensional vortex
spit us out right at the Gundalian front lines.
Otherwise we might have missed each other.
REN: Your timing was perfect.
NURZAK: It is good to see you all again, Brawlers.
I only wish it could have been under better circumstances.
Tell me, has Paige done well as your student?
PAIGE: Yes Prime Minister! I have done my very best
to follow the instruction of my teachers.
BOULDERON: I can vouch for that, sir.
FABIA: Thank-you for coming, Battle Brawlers.
DAN: Fabia!
FABIA: It's good to see you again Dan.
RAFE: We came as soon as we heard, your highness.
WOLFURIO: Let us know how we can best serve you
and we'll do it, Queen Fabia.
MARUCHO: Huh? DAN: What?
MARUCHO: Fabia's the queen now? When did that happen?
RAFE: You mean you didn't know Marucho?
WOLFURIO: After the last war ended Queen Serena
became an ambassador between the two nations
and kept alive the traditions of the Sacred Orb.
BOULDERON: It only made sense
that Fabia would take over as Queen.
SHUN: We should get back to the task at hand, guys.
SHUN: Tell us how your latest troubles got started.
NURZAK: Well it all happened very quickly.
NURZAK: A mysterious figure, calling himself Mag Mel
arrived along with his brutish Bakugan Razenoid.
Before we knew what was happening,
he had dispatched his legion of Chaos Bakugan
to wreak havoc. Our people were attacked...
and our cities burned to the ground.
Darkness and destruction have returned to Gundalia.
NURZAK: We do not know why they chose to attack us.
What is clear, however is that we must fight back
with all of our collective might, do you understand?
FABIA: We're currently making preparations
to send the Castle Knights as reinforcements
to aid you in your fight.
NURZAK: Thank-you kindly, Queen Fabia.
NURZAK: In the meantime my warriors will hold the front.
FABIA: Thanks for offering to help Battle Brawlers!
REN: The Chaos Bakugan have swarmed Gundalia
from all directions, but seem to be headed
toward the city centre.
RAFE: Of course they are. That's the location
of the Royal Palace. This is bad.
DAN: Don't worry, they won't make it.
DAN: Not with us standing in their way.
MARUCHO: Hold on a sec, Dan.
DAN: Hmmm?
MARUCHO: I don't think you're ready to fight yet.
DAN: Come on. Not this again, dude.
We'll be fine.
DRAGO: That's right.
MARUCHO: But you haven't fully recuperated
from the last battle.
MARUCHO: I really think you should hang back on this one.
DAN: I told you we're fine!
MARUCHO: [angry grunt] DAN: [angry grunt]
REN: Am I missing something?
MARUCHO: Nothing.
DAN: We're good.
REN: [grunt]
SHUN: We need to figure out the enemy's target.
DAN: Target?
SHUN: Mag Mel must have come to Gundalia for a reason.
If we can figure out why then maybe it will help us stop him.
PAIGE: Who cares what his reason is!
He's destroying my home world! We need to take
this sucker down. It's that simple!
TRISTAR: That's what I'm talking about!
Let's lay some major pain on these punks.
MARUCHO: Fighting is useless without gathering
some information first.
Hey Ren, what can you tell us about the enemy's movements?
REN: How 'bout, I show you instead.
REN: If you look closely at these satellite scans,
you can see the movement patterns of the Chaos Bakugan.
DAN: What is Mag Mel after?
DAN: [gasp] [grunt, pain reax]
DRAGO: What's wrong?
DAN: [groan]
MARUCHO: Oh no!
SHUN: Dan!
DRAGO: What's happening? Talk to me.
DAN: Aaarrrrgggghhhh!
DAN: It's my head... [grunt, pain reax]
MAG MEL: Head North! Past Dalia's Valley.
That's how we'll take down the Palace!
DAN: Dalia's Valley!
DRAGO: What's that, Dan?
DAN: I just heard it.
DAN: It's the route that Mag Mel is taking.
REN: Come on, let's have a look.
DAN: He said to go north and then go past Dalia's Valley.
REN: Well if they did take that route,
it would lead them directly to the capital.
REN: Tell me again, how you hear this?
DRAGO: You must've linked up again with Mag Mel.
MARUCHO, RAFE and PAIGE: [gasp]
DAN: Mmm-hmm. It was like before.
DAN: Sometimes the things he's seeing and doing,
just pop into my head.
DAN: Trust me. He's passing through Dalia's Valley.
GUNDALIAN SOLDIER A: Are you sure we can trust him
if he's linked to Mag Mel?
GUNDALIAN SOLDIER B: Yes, good point.
DAN: You know you can trust me, Ren.
REN: Huh, Sure.
MARUCHO: Come on listen up...
PAIGE: This plan of Marucho's totally stinks.
PAIGE: I'm not a lie in wait type of girl.
PAIGE: It's way too boring dude.
BOULDERON: Maybe you should keep it down
before they hear us, Paige.
RAFE: Exactly.
PAIGE: Hmmm?
RAFE: You're gonna blow the element of surprise.
RAFE: Just be quiet and trust Marucho's plan.
WOLFURIO: And quit questioning his orders.
PAIGE: Whatever.
TRISTAR: Are you sure those Chaos Bakugan
are really coming this way?
TRISTAR: 'Cos if not we're playing
a one-sided game of hide and go seek.
MARUCHO: Dan was right about the invasion...
so why not trust his vision about this?
Besides, we're completely outnumbered at this point.
An ambush is our only play.
TRISTAR: Sure as long as everything goes to plan.
MARUCHO: And why wouldn't it, huh?
Quit being so negative.
TAYLEAN: The link Dan has with Mag Mel...
How do we know it's not an enemy trick?
SHUN: I'd rather not think about that right now, Taylean.
DAN: [grunt, pain reax]
DRAGO: Is it happening again?
DAN: No, dude. Just some phantom pain.
DAN: But I'm telling you, it's nothing compared to the pain
I'm gonna lay on Mag Mel, when he finally shows his ugly mug.
DAN: He's gonna pay for all the grief he's put us through.
DRAGO: Yes he will. He and Razenoid, both!
DRAGO: We'll sever the link they have with us, once and for all.
DAN: That's right! [grunt, pain reax]
DAN: This stinks. [grunt, pain reax]
MAG MEL: Hmmmph.
TRISTAR: Huh? What the heck is that?
MARUCHO: Ahhhhhhhh! TRISTAR: Whooooooaaaa!
PAIGE and RAFE: [grunt, exertion reax]
[laser blasts]
SHUN: Take cover! Hmmmph!
REN: They're everywhere!
REN: But how? It's like they knew about our ambush.
PAIGE: No time for guessing, you guys!
RAFE: [grunt, exertion reax] Dan!
DAN: Huh?
RAFE: You should use this. It's a BakuNano for Drago.
DAN: Thanks, pal. Okay, Drago.
DAN: Bakugan Brawl!
DAN: Bakugan Stand!
DAN: BakuNano Sonic Canon, Destroy!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaaah!
SHUN: Bakugan Brawl!
SHUN: Bakugan Stand!
SHUN: BakuNano Hammermor...
TAYLEAN: Destroy!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaah!
Hmmmmph!
Huuuuaaaah!
REN: Are you ready to go, Linehalt!
LINEHALT: Absolutely!
DRAGO: Sonic Canon!
TAYLEAN: Hammermor!
REN: Ability activate Darkness Blizzard!
LINEHALT: Haaaaaaaah!
TRISTAR: I've got this one, I'll give them a little taste
of my Cross Striker.
WOLFURIO: Hmmmmph!
WOLFURIO: End of the line scum.
You won't get past this Castle Knight!
BOULDERON: Haaaaaaah!
PAIGE: Nice shot! Hit 'em again!
PAIGE: Huh?
RAFE: Whoa, what is that?!
MARUCHO: No way! There's more of them?
LINEHALT: Hmmmmph! Where'd they come from?
REN: [grunt] Let's go!
DRAGO: Something's wrong here. I can feel it!
DAN: [gasp] Whoa, what is that?
DAN: It can't be...
RAZENOID: Take a good look around insects because soon,
everything you see will buuuurrrrn!
MAG MEL: [evil laughter]
MAG MEL: Our time has finally come, Razenoid!
DAN: We have to protect Gundalia, Drago!
DAN: It's Mag Mel!
DRAGO: And Razenoid!
MARUCHO: Now what, guys?
REN: Not sure.
SHUN: We fight, of course!
MAG MEL: [chuckle] Ability activate!
MAG MEL: Flash Eclipse!
RAZENOID: Haaaaaaaaaaah!
DAN: Watch out!
DRAGO: Whoa!
DRAGO: Aaaaarrrrgggghhhh. DAN: Aaaaarrrrgggghhhh.
MARUCHO: Dan, no!
DRAGO: Oooomph! DAN: Oooomph!
LINEHALT: You swine!
REN: You're not going to destroy any more of our home!
LINEHALT: Bolting Vibra!
MAG MEL: Ability activate!
MAG MEL: Expeditious!
LINEHALT: He blocked my attack!
RAZENOID: Haaaaaaaaaah!
LINEHALT: Aaaaaaarrrrgggghhh!
LINEHALT: Ooomph!
REN: Oooomph!
MARUCHO: Oh no!
DRAGO: He's packing some power.
DAN: No kidding.
RAZENOID: Haaaaaaaaaaah!
MARUCHO: The Mobile Assault Vehicles!
TRISTAR: Huh?
BOULDERON: Whoa!
PAIGE: Oh snap!
WOLFURIO: Hmmmph! Isn't it odd that Mag Mel
himself is leading the charge?
RAFE: Maybe he's been controlling this entire thing
from the very beginning.
MAG MEL: [evil laughter] Did you really think
you could out-strategize me?
MAG MEL: Especially when you've got my good friend
Dan Kuso fighting in your corner!
DAN: I don't understand!
DRAGO: What are you talking about?
MAG MEL: Are you really so blind?
I'll have to connect the dots for you.
Just as you were able to read my mind I was able to read yours!
DAN: What? No way!
MAG MEL: What else did you think would be causing
those phantom pains you were experiencing.
DAN: [grunt, exertion reax] It's all my fault!
MAG MEL: I should thank you, Dan Kuso.
My victory will be in no small part because
of you and all you have done.
[evil laughter]
RAZENOID: Haaaaaaaaaaah!
TAYLEAN, WOLFURIO, BOULDERON and TRISTAR: Aaaaarrrrgggghhh!
RAFE, PAIG, MARUCHO and SHUN: [grunt, exertion reax]
MARUCHO: [groan] Oh no!
MAG MEL: [evil laughter] Look at the mighty
Battle Brawlers scurrying around like a bunch
of weak and frightened little mice.
DAN: [angry grunt] Mag Meeelllllll!
SHUN: Huh? Dan!
DAN: [panting, exertion reax]
MAG MEL: [evil chuckle] How you make me laugh,
young Kuso!
DAN: [rising mighty roar]
DAN: Huh?
MAG MEL: Hmmph.
MAG MEL: What is happening?
DAN: [grunt, pain reax] My head...
DRAGO: Dan!
MARUCHO: What's wrong?
MAG MEL: [grunt, pain reax] Perhaps our physical proximity
is too close and it's causing our psychic link
to create some kind of amplified feedback.
DRAGO: Are you okay, pal?
Whoa!
RAZENOID: [evil chuckle]
DRAGO: Are you too cowardly to attack me head on!
RAZENOID: My methods are irrelevant.
I'm going to crush you!
DRAGO: We'll see about that!
RAZENOID: Haaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: Titanium Screen!
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax]
DRAGO: Aaaaaarrrrrgggggghhh!
DAN: Drago!
SHUN: He just destroyed his shield!
RAFE: I don't get it!
PAIGE: That should've been impossible!
MARUCHO: We really need to retreat, Dan!
MARUCHO: He's way too powerful.
DAN: Not a chance. I'm not done.
DAN: I refuse to lose to this creep. You hear me?
MARUCHO: Dan, wait!
DAN: Drago! Time to call our friend!
DRAGO: You got it!
DAN: [rising mighty roar] DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
MAG MEL: Interesting, shall we counter, Razenoid?
RAZENOID: I'm really going to enjoy this, Drago!
[rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar] DAN: [rising mighty roar]
[lightning strikes]
[heavy ground impact]
ZENTHON: I heard your call and I've come to serve you, master!
[computer beeps and trills]
RAZENOID: [rising mighty roar] MAG MEL: [rising mighty roar]
[lightning strikes]
[heavy ground impact]
DREADEON: Chaos, pain, and destruction are what...
I craaaaaaaave!
[computer beeps and trills]
MARUCHO: [gasp]
RAFE: Two Mechtogans?
PAIGE: Oh man! This is gonna end badly!
SHUN: Stay sharp!
DRAGO: Zenthon, attack!
RAZENOID: Dreadeon, destroy! Leave no one standing!
[heavy metal impact]
[laser blast]
DRAGO: Revolutional!
RAZENOID: Effective!
RAZENOID: You'll pay for that!
DAN: Zenthon!
DAN: Noooooow!
MAG MEL: Dreadeon!
MAG MEL: Defense!
MAG MEL: [rising mighty roar] DAN: [rising mighty roar]
DAN: I'm sick of this!
MAG MEL: I too have become weary of this battle...
Razenoid!
RAZENOID: Get ready to go down for good!
DRAGO: Not a chance, Razenoid!
DAN, DRAGO and ZENTHON: [rising mighty roar]
MAG MEL, RAZENOID and DREADEON: [rising mighty roar]
[laser blasts]
[explosion]
DRAGO: [grunt, pain reax] Aaaaaarrrrggggghhh!
DAN: [grunt, exertion reax] Whooooooaaaaa!
MAG MEL: [grunt] Hmmmm.
MAG MEL: [evil chuckle] I wish I could say this
is a nice surprise but this result was inevitable.
MAG MEL: The powers that lie within you are mine now,
and they will make me whole again!
MAG MEL: [grunt, exertion reax] What?
REN: Finally!
RAFE: The Castle Knights!
ELRIGHT: Really sorry we're late guys!
But we're here to help now!
Let's go, Aranaut!
ARANAUT: Right!
MARUCHO: Dan!
SHUN: Are you okay?
MARUCHO: We've got you now, buddy.
DAN: [grunt, exertion reax] Oh hey guys...
MARUCHO: We better get out of here and regroup.
SHUN: Right.
MARUCHO: [gasp]
MAG MEL: I guess the gate and key that Kuso and Drago possess
will have to wait for another day.
MARUCHO: Gate and key, huh? So what are those?
ELRIGHT: It looks like they're retreating.
I think we've won this battle Aranaut,
at least we have for now.
ARANAUT: It seems like we arrived not a moment too late.
GUNDALIAN SOLDIER A: I really don't understand this.
I thought the Brawlers came here to help us fight the enemy.
GUNDALIAN SOLDIER B: And this whole time Dan was
linked to Mag Mel!
REN: What are you saying?
REN: Dan Kuso is not a spy, understand?
GUNDALIAN SOLDIERS: Yes sir!
REN: He couldn't be, could he?
DAN: [angry grunt] He played me!
RAFE: If this link still exists between the two of them,
we need to think about what that means to our security.
PAIGE: We can't be compromised again like today.
PAIGE: We may not be as lucky next time.
DAN: He's in my head!
MARUCHO: What now?
MARUCHO: Even though they retreated from our last battle,
the Chaos Bakugan didn't stay gone for long.
They were back destroying large parts of Gundalia
in their wake. Luckily, the Castle Knights had arrived to
give us a hand, but right in the middle of fighting
something unexpected happened when Dan showed up.
We learned the hard way that his psychic connection
to Mag Mel had made him a liability to us,
but he still insisted on battling.
To the point where he was ready to fight Shun and I to do it.
Tune in to see for yourself!
I just hope that both of these guys can remember
who the real enemy is.
\u266a [MUSIC]